
## Section 1: Knowledge Comprehension, and Application

This section of the rubric consists of the required elements of the
assignment. Students should take special care to include ALL these
elements as they are often extended in the following sections

## Section 2: Analysis, Synthesis, and Evaluation

This section will evaluate your ability to include critical thinking and
justification elements into your work. Often the requirements for
extension are not explicitly given, so it will be up to the you to
decide how best to demonstrate what you have learned beyond the required
unit goals and curriculum. Items such as 3D models, pictures, drawings,
diagrammatic responses, notes, evidence of problem solving, advanced
programming concepts, elegant responses, media, etc., are all available
options.

## Section 3: Submission Guidelines

For this section, students will be expected to provide a submission
which fulfils all of the formatting and citation requirements listed in
this assessment sheet but also that the submission is of a professional
quality. Be aware, points in this section could be 2- or 4-point items.
Treat them accordingly.

## Submission

All submission items should be stored in an appropriate format. For
example, code must be stored in a programmatical format so it can be
evaluated (**images of code, or code simply copied and pasted into a
document, will not be marked**)

Evidence of working material must be recorded where appropriate. For
example, if you are showing how your game meets some requirement, you
must submit a recording. Similarly, if you are showing how your robot
meets a requirement, you must record it.

If you are unsure if an element needs to be recorded, **ask the
teacher.**

**All materials must be submitted to google classrooms.**

Students are responsible for keeping backups/master-copies.
