
## SCORING NOTES

Formatting for all typed/written assessments should be as follows:

<table>
    <tr>
        <td>Google Doc	</td>
        <td>11-12 Pt	</td>
        <td>1.15-1.5 Line Spacing</td>
        <td>1 Space between paragraphs</td>
        <td>Spelling and Grammar “Soft Limit”</td>
        <td>In-Text Citations with footnotes</td>
        <td>
            Title Page/Slide:
            <ul>
                <li>Name</li>
            </ul>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Slides</td>
        <td>
            <ul>
                <li>10-12 pt. font text</li>
                <li>14-24 pt. font titles</li>
            </ul>
        </td>
        <td>1.0 1.15 Line Spacing</td>
        <td>Bullet Points Preferred</td>
        <td>Word Count per slide >100-110 “Soft Limit”</td>
        <td>Approved Templates and Themes</td>
        <td>
            <ul>
                <li>Date</li>
                <li>Class</li>
                <li>Aim</li>
                <li>Assessment Title</li>
            </ul>
        </td>
    </tr>
</table>

*"Soft Limits" are not rigidly defined limits and will be assessed on a
case-by-case basis. Ask for clarification for specific tasks*

## Possible Scoring Groups are out of 2 or 4 Points

### 2-Point Criteria - Knowledge and Understanding

*Criteria assessed as 2-Points are classified as Knowledge and
Understanding criteria. These will examine and evaluate a student's
ability to state facts and define terms and concepts effectively.
Analysis and synthesis of the information will not be assessed through
these criteria.*

<table>
    <tr>
        <th>0 Points</th>
        <th>1-Point</th>
        <th>2-points</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <th>Not present or able to be assessed as the required criteria</th>
        <th>Item is presented and does not meet expectations for quality, rigour, or detail</th>
        <th>Item is presented and does meet expectations for quality, rigour, or detail</th>
    </tr>
</table>

### 4-Point Criteria - Analysis and Synthesis and Expert Review

*To show true mastery of your developing skills, students must show that
they can go beyond simple repetition of the given tasks or an
explanation of processes. Students will show their ability to show
higher order thinking through analysis, evaluation, or the linking of
multiple fields of learning to solve problems in novel ways.*

### 4-Point Criteria - Analysis and Synthesis

*Analysis and Synthesis components evaluate a student's ability to
effectively review data and understandings and develop these into a
coherent and relevant statement. Analysis refers to the generating of
thoughts from interpreting the data, while synthesis refers to combining
analysis of the data with other relevant information to develop an
original and effective idea.*

<table>
<tr>
    <th>0 Points</th>
    <th>1 Point</th>
    <th>2 Points </th>
    <th>3 Points</th>
    <th>4 Points</th>
</tr>
<tr valign="top">
    <td>
        Not present or able to be assessed as the required criteria
    </td>
    <td>
        Item is presented and explained. However, it does not show any evidence of higher order thinking such as analysis, evaluation, or synthesis.
    </td>
    <td>
        Item is presented and shows appropriate evidence of higher order thinking such as analysis, evaluation, or synthesis
    </td>
    <td>
        <p>
            Item is presented and exceeds expectations for evidence of higher order thinking such as analysis, evaluation, or synthesis.
        </p>
        <p>
            -or-
        </p>
        <p>
            Item is presented and shows appropriate evidence of higher order thinking such as analysis, evaluation, or synthesis and exceeds expectations for quality, rigour, or understanding of the selected mastery. 
        </p>
    </td>
    <td>
        Item is presented and exceeds expectations for evidence of higher order thinking such as analysis, evaluation, or synthesis. Additionally, this item exceeds expectations for quality, rigour, or understanding of the selected mastery.
    </td>
</tr>
</table>

### Expert Review

*Expert Reviews evaluate a student's ability to build solutions using
the skills that have been taught during the semester. Criteria assessed
as 4-Points are classified as Analysis and Synthesis criteria. These
will examine and evaluate a student's ability to effectively review data
and understandings and develop these into a coherent and relevant
statement. Analysis refers to the generating of thoughts from
interpreting the data, while synthesis refers to combining analysis of
the data with other relevant information to develop an original and
effective idea.*

<table>
<tr>
    <th>0 Points</th>
    <th>1 Point</th>
    <th>2 Points </th>
    <th>3 Points</th>
    <th>4 Points</th>
</tr>
<tr valign="top">
    <td>
        Not present or able to be assessed as the required criteria</td>
    <td>
        Item is presented and broadly solves the problem. However, upon review, it does not show any evidence of appropriate mastery.  
    </td>
    <td>
        Item is presented and broadly solves the problem. On review, it does show any evidence of appropriate mastery.
    </td>
    <td>
        <p>
            Item is presented and solves the specific problem. On review, the evidence shows understanding beyond expected mastery. 
        </p>
        <p>
            -or-
        </p>
        <p>
            Item is presented and broadly solves the problem. On review, it does show any evidence of appropriate mastery and is done so in a well-constructed or design method that clearly shows higher levels of understanding.
        </p>
    </td>
    <td>
        Item is presented and solves the specific problem. On review, the evidence shows understanding well beyond expected mastery and is done so in a well-constructed or design method that clearly shows higher levels of understanding.
    </td>
</tr>
</table>

### Multiplier

Criteria will be combined with a **Multiplier**. While each criterion
will be scored on the 0-1-2-4 scale, the multiplier will attach relevant
worth to each criterion. Be aware of these multipliers and dedicate
appropriate time to ensure you achieve your best result.
